what if you do buy drew here and um mr.
here and make a random video this is
like wednesday but i got back from
jersey on monday so um it was really
good event it was really really big like
20 100 people as you guys probably know
Jeff Jones one with his dandelion a
quick-draw plant um I play it back so it
was really funny example in the
tournament not knowing what the deck was
my friend dad was like it was this is
Friday and my friend Ned was like Adric
tomorrow Jeff is gonna win the
tournament cuz how good his deck is and
yeah well he won so um I have the deck
built right now I'm missing loan fires
so I need loan fires preferably CP um I
didn't see your CP little fires um more
drill warriors and a morphing jar some
other random small stuff see I'm gonna
show you my binder uh I'd known Facebook
by the way that's where I do a lot of by
communicating so if you want to contact
me contact me through there just go ad
knew my name is I Heydrich i'll probably
put a link in the sidebar in the bottom
bar whatever the hell you want to call
it um let New Jersey is pretty sweet
some friends topped up Billy break draw
Winston thaisub we see here Chris potato
topped uh who else well Jeff Jones of
course on some random gadget you know
Duke Calver gadgets place second which
is very crazy I can't believe that
actually happened but um I'm gonna do a
binder update right now my once are
pretty simple I want anything just like
don't make it a really dumb offer mostly
cash I'm really looking to sell a lot of
cards so here's the peers wonder i have
this dragnet make offers for it
uh I don't really know it's kind of
cool-looking all right prisma is a
German judgement dragon secret rare
german honest uh Chrystia one left over
token some random cog three secret ill
Bloods too dark arms power bonds multi
cyber twin sorry my binders a really
trashy right now Derby bouzouki Lawtons
and the Drummond chaos sorcerer you
probably can't see it but it says chaos
texture so German can't sorcerer German
summer monk another rotten I sold a lot
of stuff the vendor kind of what I do I
just build up a binder and just cash it
out and make about a thousand dollars
see you sorry for the real crappy binder
but like always make offers you know I
had a hundred thousand video of you so
that's really good partnership should be
coming soon i would i would like to
thank you guys like I said my binders
not the greatest it's it's pretty uh
stripped see here I got on my desk my
table guy want stuff like was on the
damn you wore your dad that's just I
just built that yeah
camera down oh gee bees I have a G be
stuck if you guys wanna buy it just PM
me for information about it and also use
a glib decklist or actually you guys can
just make just make a decklist of any
deck that you want and just send it to
me and i'll tell you if i can make it
for you and i'll just give you a price
quote absolutely random stuff sorry for
the crotch shot looks like really
unprepared to make this everything mac
and i can build you a mac in the deck
here it is this deck boxes a lot of
in it there's random stuff secret battle
fader fader figures ultra sorcerer Sarco
german dark armed driven solemn super
cyber salio it's not like much in here
but decently playable zup at the German
armor master
kitty kitty Cutler thought rulers gonna
really up going up in popularity the
German older and flake I lost my German
ultimate plague I don't know where wet
but um that's my binder you're making
offers um it's about it see here I'm not
gonna go to Virginia probably not it was
kind of short notice when they announced
it so fortunately I will be home with
that but I'll go to Nationals and
hopefully I'll have gotten more sleep
and I'll actually have a deck to play so
I don't just up but yeah all right
um that's what a guys keep updated with
my channels or my facebook bought it um
alright peace